[THEME MUSIC]
>>REGINA MEREDITH: Many attempts
are being made in these times
to reconstruct the story of
how human beings came to be.
As many of us move away from the
more common themes of the older
religious traditions, we look
to works such as "The Urantia
Chronicles" to
help piece together
the story of our origins.
To add to the story,
Timothy Wyllie
came into contact
with the angelic realm
during a near death
experience 40 years ago.
He was commissioned
by one of the Watchers
to allow them to use his
mind and hand to write
their version of our history.
The story is very
engaging, telling
of a heavenly divide in which
certain prominent angels
rebelled against
the prime directive.
And Timothy, I'm so happy
you're here with us today.
I have to say, I think
I have 100 dog-ears.
Maybe there are-- what?--
300 pages in the book, 400.
I have at least 100
dog-eared pages in it.
It was such a fun story.
But also, there was
an element of such
a fresh, humble perspective in
it from you, as a human being,
as Georgia, the guide
we're going to hear about,
the Watcher we're going to hear
about, was writing through you.
And also, these kind
of incongruent feelings
human beings have about
themselves, this starts
answering, I think,
some of those questions.
So first of all, let's
hear about your near death
experience that opened
you up to all of this.
>>TIMOTHY WYLLIE: Sure.
Well, let me just also say that
Georgia and I write together.
She doesn't really
write through me.
>>REGINA: OK.
>>WYLLIE: We kind of
write collaboratively.
It's a fascinating experience.
Because I've had in the
past situations where
entities have
written through me--
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>WYLLIE: --during
automatic writing.
But this very different
and very exciting.
>>REGINA: Good.
>>WYLLIE: But the
near death experience.
Yeah, I was in a
spiritual community.
But I really wasn't particularly
spiritual, all right?
I joined a group
called The Process
in about-- when I was
about 24, I think.
And I had the near death
experience when I was 33.
Now, I was still
in this community.
But I was in it
for the experience.
I wasn't particularly--
>>REGINA: You are
very analytical.
>>WYLLIE: Yeah,
I'm an architect.
>>REGINA: You're an
architect, exactly.
>>WYLLIE: I think
like an architect.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>WYLLIE: Analytical.
>>REGINA: And we're going to
go into something else that
preceded that in a bit.
But let's talk
about the near death
experience before
we take you there.
>>WYLLIE: So here I was.
I was working incredibly hard.
We worked very, very hard.
I was getting about
four hours of sleep
a night if I was lucky.
And I just collapsed one day.
I just collapsed.
I was at my office.
And I just managed to
sort of pull myself up.
It was raining
outside in New York.
My back went, you know?
So I was kind of
pulling myself back.
We lived maybe six or seven
blocks from the offices.
So I had to get back
there in the rain.
And I was absolutely exhausted.
And my lungs had played up.
You know, I'm a Gemini, so
I've got a lung problem.
And I thought, I'm going
to just have a bath.
I'm going to draw a bath.
And I lay back in the bath.
And I'd say within 10 seconds
or so of closing my eyes,
I was 1,500 feet up in
the air, looking down.
Oh, my god, what's
happening, you know?
Next thing I knew, I
was in-- I can only
describe it as a monorail car.
Because I could see it
was on the monorail,
this wonderful
gleaming metal rod
that came up from this valley.
And there were trees.
It was just
absolutely beautiful.
And here I was in this
monorail car, as real as this.
There was about six
or seven people in it.
There was an old
black man opposite me.
He was playing the trumpet.
It was beautiful.
It was just wonderful
>>REGINA: And this is when
you're out of the body.
>>WYLLIE: Oh, yes, completely.
>>REGINA: Yes, OK.
So you're out of the
body and experiencing
this in another realm,
another aspect of this.
>>WYLLIE: But, you see, what
is interesting about that realm
is that it is realer
than this realm.
>>REGINA: Yes, absolutely.
>>WYLLIE: Because it's so
pregnant with meaning and form,
you know?
>>REGINA: Yes.
So you're sitting across
from this black man.
>>WYLLIE: So here I am.
And it came to me.
OK, we're all dying
at the same time.
This is what happens.
At the end of the monorail
car, a very bright light--
I can't see it.
It looks kind of like a
person, but it's mainly light.
I hear in my mind, you're right.
You are dying, all right?
And I could look down.
And I saw my body in
the bath down there.
And it came to me
that all I would do
is just lie down and
slip into the water.
And I'd be away and flying.
OK?
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>WYLLIE: The next
thing the voice
said is that, yes, you're dying.
But you've completed
what you came to do.
So you have a choice.
You can continue
or you can return.
And it was absolutely
non-evaluative.
It didn't put an emphasis
on one or the other.
And I thought, a lot of
people have-- Why on Earth
have you come back?
And I thought to myself,
well, this is so incredible
that it's just
going to get better.
But I didn't know what was
going to happen if I went back.
So it was my curiosity
that did it for me.
>>REGINA: During that time,
that's when you first came
in contact with--
>>WYLLIE: Not yet.
>>REGINA: Not yet?
>>REGINA: OK, OK.
I don't want to rush you.
>>WYLLIE: I said,
OK, I'll go back.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>WYLLIE: When I said that,
the monorail car dissolved.
And my entire visual field
was made up of angels.
It was ring upon ring
upon ring of angels.
And they were singing.
They were playing music.
Oh, it was lovely.
Just, oh, my god, I guess
I said the right thing
when I said I'd go back.
>>REGINA: You were
in good company.
>>WYLLIE: I was in good company.
And I got that they
were somehow sort
of playing the
music of the realm,
the music of the universe.
That was what was
keeping it all together.
>>REGINA: Music of
the spheres, yes.
>>WYLLIE: That was the
sort of the feeling.
Next thing-- because
I can't remember,
these sort of, you know, how
I got from here to there.
The next thing I knew, I was
on the edge of a vast plain,
all right?
And I'd seen it
somewhere before, I
think, in Iran, I think.
Because there's a place
called Persepolis.
And if you stand in
Persepolis, there's
a pain that goes
right over there.
OK, now, the next thing
is that two-- and I
didn't know this at the time.
I didn't even believe in
angels at this point--
two beings either side of
me move me across the plain,
all right?
And towards this-- now, I can't.
It was a living building.
It was an enormous building,
but it was a living thing.
It was a structure.
And it was-- it was looked like
a sort of an offshore-- one
of those oil
platforms, you know?
>>REGINA: But it was
intelligent in itself?
>>WYLLIE: It seemed to
be intelligent itself.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>WYLLIE: It was moving.
And there were faces on it.
>>REGINA: How beautiful.
>>WYLLIE: It was an
extraordinary thing.
I tried to draw it
once, and I never
could get it exactly right.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>WYLLIE: Anyway, again,
the next thing I knew, I
was on a table like
this, a flat thing.
I think it was metal.
And it was a hospital.
It felt like a hospital
thing, all right?
There were little beings around,
chattering around like that.
And I was lying there.
Something came over me.
It swung over, a metal thing.
I was going to say a female--
I think it was a female,
it was-- came up behind me.
And I heard, this is
going to really hurt,
but it's going to
be very, very quick.
It's going to really
hurt, but it's
going to be very, very quick.
And this thing
came down into me.
And it really hurt.
But it was really, really quick.
>>REGINA: You were warned.
>>WYLLIE: And I got up.
Then this was the
final stage of it.
And before I went
there, they said,
you'll remember this part.
But you won't remember what
you're going to see now.
And I was taken into a place,
which was-- all I can remember,
it was exquisite.
It was beautiful.
I had no memory of that at
all for maybe 10 or 15 years.
Then I read the out
of the body book.
You've probably read it.
>>REGINA: Robert Monroe?
>>WYLLIE: Monroe's book, yeah.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>WYLLIE: And he had a situation
where he was taken to a place.
And it was heaven.
And it clicked, of course,
that that's where I was.
>>REGINA: And so is that
where you and Georgia
came into connection then?
>>WYLLIE: Oddly
enough, no, you see.
>>REGINA: OK.
>>WYLLIE: No.
>>REGINA: OK, so I want to
know where Georgia comes in,
because this plays really
is big in all of this.
>>WYLLIE: Georgia's been
with me for-- well, certainly
from the lifetime from Atlantis.
I think she's been with me
for a fair amount of time.
The first time she
was actually with me
was when I was a
baby in the war.
We were in the way of
all the bombs dropping.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>WYLLIE: And I would be
put under a table, right?
To protect me under
a table, right?
>>REGINA: I know.
It's like our little
drills in school, you know?
>>WYLLIE: Exactly.
And you know, the
bombs would come down.
Crunchy, crunchy, crunchy.
Oh, no, no, no, no.
And I would pop out
of my little body.
>>REGINA: Yes, how
traumatizing, yes.
>>WYLLIE: OK.
And Georgia would
take care of me.
I didn't know this for 40 years.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>WYLLIE: But that's
how I first met her.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>WYLLIE: And then she
came to me in my 30s once.
I couldn't handle her.
She's a rebel angel.
And the sort of
skinny on rebel angels
is not particularly pleasant.
>>REGINA: Yes, I understand.
And we're going to
get into all of that.
Now, let me just
say-- let me have
you backtrack for a moment.
>>WYLLIE: Sure.
>>REGINA: And if I
can read this, I will.
And that is, you were brought
up in a more privileged type--
considered privileged--
environment in Britain
in that you went to public
school, which in America are
very elite private schools.
>>WYLLIE: Yeah.
>>REGINA: And you
were-- your mother
had a love of architecture.
And this is something
that you were kind of
fostered toward at an early age.
But you talk about
your experience there.
And it really--
although we all tend to,
especially-- I mean so many
anglophiles in the US, right?
We tend to so look up to that
or even lust after the lifestyle
of these plummy British boys.
>>WYLLIE: Yeah.
>>REGINA: But I'm going to
read a passage you wrote
about it, because
this is so-- this
is so important because
this is a lot of what
the elite structure of the
world is generated from.
>>WYLLIE: Absolutely.
>>REGINA: And you write-- this
is a quote out of your book
about how you experienced it.
You said you experienced it
as "the early closing down
of natural kindness
and compassion
which becomes part
of the training
for the leaders of men."
And that is the world
we're living in,
that we have inherited.
And you are a rebel
from that world.
>>WYLLIE: Definitely.
Absolutely.
>>REGINA: OK.
So I just wanted to set that.
Because you are
highly intellectual.
You didn't believe a lot of
this, even as it was going on.
And essentially, these
miraculous situations
around you were
occurring constantly.
You were always
doubting everything.
You weren't like you are now.
And you started dropping
down as time went on.
Let's talk about
the process, OK?
So now we'll bring
you up to the time
when you met with these
other people in London.
And you started something
called The Process.
What was the genesis of that?
Because you were one of
the first people involved.
>>WYLLIE: Yes, yes, I was
probably-- probably the first,
actually.
>>REGINA: Yes.
That's what the
book says anyway.
>>WYLLIE: It was
basically started
by a man and a woman,
Robert and Mary Anne.
Now, Robert I had
known for some years
because we had studied together
at architectural college.
He'd left architecture.
And I had continued
with architecture.
So we hadn't seen each
other for a couple of years.
He kind of phoned
me up and said,
you know, we're starting
this new process.
We're using this
device, you know?
It's a kind of a
psychological thing.
>>REGINA: Was it kind
of a neurofeedback
device of some kind,
or biofeedback?
What was that device, actually?
>>WYLLIE: Well, it was
actually an E-meter.
>>REGINA: E-meter, OK.
>>WYLLIE: Because Robert
and Mary Anne actually
came out of Scientology.
They revolted
against Scientology
because they felt that--
>>REGINA: You're
all rebels, yeah.
>>WYLLIE: We're all
rebels, exactly.
And they were using this
machine in a different way
from the Scientology people.
Basically, Scientology
was about making everybody
like Mr. Hubbard.
>>REGINA: Yes, yes.
>>WYLLIE: The idea--
>>REGINA: Like in his image.
>>WYLLIE: Well, yes, you know?
The way they were planning
how to use this machine
was actually to sort of program
people to be like him, yes.
We were using it
in a different way.
We were trying to find out
who we were, all right?
And it's a wonderful
machine for that.
It's basically a very
simple lie detector.
>>REGINA: Righ, right.
So when you try to
lie to yourself,
you're calling each
other on it essentially.
>>WYLLIE: Exactly, exactly.
And there were very
specific questions.
You know, what are
you here to achieve?
And you'd find out what you're
really here to achieve and then
how to go about it
and what's in the way.
And so through this whole
series of questions,
you find out very deeply--
>>REGINA: And so a group
emerged around this.
And you left for a while.
And then you came back.
And you had many adventures.
And I just want to say at
this part for our viewers
that it's interesting the
way the book is written
because you're paralleling
your development
at a particular stage of
your life and the processes
you were going
through with the story
that Georgia is revealing
to you in a series of books
about the Luciferic Rebellion
and how the species came
to be so-- shall
we say-- unique.
How the human species
came to be so unique, OK?
And so these are two parallel
stories throughout the book.
And there are
points at which you
can see almost visceral
alignments between the two
stories.
And so now we've
got a little bit
of an idea of who you
are, where you came from,
your own rebellious nature.
And now let's go to the story
that's taking place parallel
and to the Luciferic Rebellion.
And set up the story as to the
original agreements and players
and how that came to be where
Earth was partitioned out.
>>WYLLIE: Right.
This is a very, very
deep and large story,
as you can imagine.
>>REGINA: And you have time.
We'll just start.
If we don't finish,
I'll have you back,
and we'll do two or
three more of these, OK?
>>WYLLIE: All right.
>>REGINA: So let's just
go as far as we can.
>>WYLLIE: All right.
Well, the first
thing to understand
is that the universe
is enormous.
It's also populated,
enormously populated.
In fact, you could say
that it's about population.
In other words, planets are
made for people, all right?
People aren't made for planets.
That's not the way around it is.
It's basically a vast
educational system,
if you like.
And one can be
educated, or one can
be-- one can ignore all that.
And you just get another
incarnation and come around.
So this vast section, this vast
living universe is, in a sense,
is subdivided into a series of
smaller and smaller and smaller
units.
The smallest unit,
obviously, is one planet.
But politically,
the smallest unit
is called a system of planets.
And a system of planets is
essentially 1,000 inhabited
or to be inhabited planets.
So we are part of a system.
There are about 670,
maybe 700 planets
that are currently
inhabited in our system.
Each system has to be
taken care of, obviously,
by a series of officials.
And now we're getting into sort
of the hierarchical aspects
of it all.
>>REGINA: Yes, the
politics of it all.
>>WYLLIE: The politics
of it all, yeah.
So the politics of
our particular system,
right, were run by a
couple of entities.
They're called
planetary-- they're
called system
sovereigns, all right?
One was named-- I don't know
whether we can say named
or whether we are naming.
Because in a sense,
angels don't really
need names, because
when you're telepathic,
you know who you are.
You know who other people are.
>>REGINA: Exactly.
But for the sake of our
conversation, you can name it.
>>WYLLIE: Lucifer
and Satan, right?
These were two, basically not
that high angels, medium high,
not the highest angels of all.
But after a very long time
of doing their job well--
it's really hard
to kind of pin down
exactly how it started, but
there's something very unfair
about the degree of control
that we've been put under,
if you like.
>>REGINA: Are you saying
we under their influence,
or prior to that influence under
the directorship or hierarchy
of how all things,
prime directive,
were allowed to evolve.
>>WYLLIE: It's
pretty regimented.
>>REGINA: So you're saying
within the universal structure,
although kind, essentially
kind and supportive--
and I'll just paraphrase
this, because I
know that you get to
this in the book--
that the hierarchical
structure which
we look at as the
prime directive-- is
the term that we've put to it--
is allowed to evolve on its own
in each place, but very
slowly, under its own steam.
And somewhere in this is where
these two entities stepped
in, and also being
controlled at the same time,
with no outside
interference allowed,
which you can see
the beauty of that.
You can also see that
it's painstakingly
difficult and slow for
a species to come about.
>>WYLLIE: Well, it
is that exactly, yes.
And I mean, basically, it's
a sort of nested hierarchy.
So these people
aren't on their own.
You know, they're being
officiated by other entities.
I think there's one other
thing we need to understand.
And that is what I call
the inner and the outer.
So we have the extraterrestrials
on the outer worlds.
These are the worlds that
we can see and touch.
But the inner worlds are
the worlds of the angels,
all right?
Now, obviously,
extraterrestrials
have angels, too.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>WYLLIE: We're all in a sense.
>>REGINA: It's
multidimensional, yes.
>>WYLLIE: Yeah.
And if you like, the guidance is
coming through from the inside
and being expressed
on the outside.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>WYLLIE: So we're somebody
else's extraterrestrials
obviously.
We're another planet's
extraterrestrials.
>>REGINA: Yes, yes.
>>WYLLIE: So once we've got
that sort of understanding,
that is being sort of
guided from the inside
and expressed on the outside,
the lack of free choices,
I think that was probably the
thing that drove the rebellion.
We need to have more freedom.
I mean, in a sense, it's
not dissimilar to what
we've experienced on
this planet in the last,
let's say, 2,000
years, where we're
getting progressively more
individuated, progressively
more expected of us in
terms of responsibility.
Because when we
were children, we
were taken care of as
children, as a-- a race
>>REGINIA: We are--
>>WYLLIE: A child race.
>>REGINA:
--theoretically, becoming
more mature and more
sovereign, even though we still
have control structures
that are more
manipulative and
subconscious at this point.
>>WYLLIE: Exactly.
We're emerging out of that.
>>REGINIA: Yes, we are.
So at this time-- so, Lucifer
and Satan, you're saying,
felt there was an unfairness
in the existing hierarchy that
didn't allow for a little
more free will and a little
more assistance.
>>WYLLIE: Correct.
>>REGINIA: OK, so let's
pick it up from there.
>>WYLLIE: So they
basically say, OK.
They start a
revolution, essentially.
Now, they have, as I
said, 600, 700 planets
under their control, all right?
Each planet is basically
taken care of by, again,
a couple of angels, not that
high, but planetary princes,
they're called.
They managed-- Lucifer
and Satan managed
to convince only 37 planets
out of this vast-- I mean, not
vast, but there's 800 planets.
So there wasn't a
very large number.
>>REGINIA: So we're breaking
with prime directive,
and we are going to exert
our influence in terms
of influencing this
free will on our part,
on theirs, on
everybody's part, right?
And see what that
experiment looks like.
>>WYLLIE: Exactly,
exactly, exactly.
>>REGINIA: OK.
>>WYLLIE: But we've
got some problems.
Because the planetary
princes of this planet went
rogue essentially.
They broke away
from the revolution
that had broken away
from the larger frame.
>>REGINIA: OK.
And now this is
where Caligastia--
>>WYLLIE: This is where
Caligastia comes in, yeah.
>>REGINIA: So let's talk
about Caligastia and Vanu.
And explain who these
beings are and what
happened because-- and
the areas of the world
in which this was happening.
Because this is interesting.
>>WYLLIE: Yeah, it seems the
Middle East seems to draw--
>>REGINIA: The Middle East, yes.
Hot bed.
>>WYLLIE: All right, so
half a million years ago,
we get the first of
the interventions
from the inner worlds, right?
This is Caligastia and his--
essentially his aide de camp,
basically, and 100--
now this is fascinating,
100-- mortals from
another world, all right?
They die.
They go up through the dimension
worlds, up through the bardos,
if you like, to the capital
planet of this system,
all right?
They then volunteer to come down
to another primitive planet--
this one-- as
instructors, basically.
So they are given
these beautiful bodies.
They're made for them.
>>REGINIA: They were
engineered, so to speak.
>>WYLLIE: Yeah, engineered, yes.
>>REGINIA: The perfected
human form, much taller.
>>WYLLIE: Tallish, but also,
interestingly enough, they
were fashioned from biological
material from entities-- oh,
not entities-- men and women
they had called in, humans.
>>REGINIA: Humans.
>>WYLLIE: Right
>>REGINIA: Right.
>>WYLLIE: So they used
that genetic principle.
>>REGINIA: But it was enhanced.
>>WYLLIE: But enhanced.
>>REGINIA: Yes.
>>WYLLIE: And they enhanced also
the person who gave them the--
>>REGINIA: Yes.
>>WYLLIE: I guess
you'd call it--
>>REGINIA: Was it--
kind of quid pro quo.
>>WYLLIE: Yeah.
>>REGINIA: Yes.
And they were here
for a long time.
It'll be here for years
and years, you know?
Hundreds and hundreds.
So they were--
basically their bodies
were pretty much immortal.
That was 500,000 years ago.
>>REGINIA: So they had
a means of maintaining
their immortality through
the consumption, as I recall,
of a certain shrub.
>>WYLLIE: It was a shrub.
But it had to be coordinated
with information, energy,
a particular kind
of energy coming in.
>>REGINIA: I think
information's a fair word, yes.
>>WYLLIE: Yeah.
But when the revolution
happened, if you like,
that energy was cut off, right?
So ultimately, these guys, these
100 or 200, they would die.
>>REGINIA: They would
become mortal, yes.
>>WYLLIE:
Horrifyingly, you know?
>>REGINIA: Right.
>>WYLLIE: But here we get the
sort of the Anunnaki and the--
>>REGINIA: I was just
going to bring that up.
Because now these
time frames are
overlaying with the work of
Sitchin, Michael Tellinger, who
has picked up on that thread,
and others, around 400,000
years ago, the insertion of
the Anunnaki as this very
large and more perfected race
who had also been involved
in genetic engineering with the
local DNA in a particular area
that was more in South Africa.
And so--
>>WYLLIE: I think that Sitchin,
who basically pulls off
the material,
translates the material,
I think he is actually
reinterpreting the prince's
mission.
>>REGINIA: That could well be.
So are you saying that you
think the Anunnaki were
some of those representatives?
>>WYLLIE: Yes, yes, I do.
>>REGINIA: And so these are-- if
you look at Barbara Hand Clow's
work, these are beings
that have been working
in the fourth dimensional
realm into the earthly realm,
and continue to work in the
fourth dimensional realm, which
is very much more easily
accessible into our dimension
in working with the
human population.
It's kind of interesting.
>>WYLLIE: I don't know.
I make a point of trying not to
read too much of other people's
work which is very
similar to mine.
>>REGINIA: So you can
stay very clean, yeah.
>>WYLLIE: I try
to keep it clean.
So I don't know that.
>>REGINIA: So we have
Caligastia and we have Vanu.
Now, tell us who
these two beings are
and where the divide
in their efforts
started taking place
in their beliefs.
Because as I understand,
Vanu was a loyalist
to the great hierarchy and
also to the prime directive.
>>WYLLIE: Yes.
>>REGINIA: But there
were changes there, too.
>>WYLLIE: Yes.
When the revolution broke
out, basically, everybody
was given a choice.
Do you wan to go
with the revolution?
Do you want to go
with what I call
MA, multiverse
administration, basically.
It was an administrative issue.
And 60 of the 100 of
the prince's staff
decided to go with the
revolution, all right?
And 40 decided to stay faithful
and loyal to MA, all right?
They are removed.
They're taken off, except
for these two, Vanu
and his-- basically--
his clone contributor.
And they basically form-- they
say that they're here basically
to keep the light of
truth burning, you know?
>>REGINIA: Yes.
>>WYLLIE: Because the other side
go crazy, really go bananas.
>>REGINIA: So they're off.
And that group,
under him, of humans
begins developing closer
to the prime directive,
for a good long while anyway.
>>WYLLIE: Yeah.
It gets a little distorted.
>>REGINIA: Slow, steady,
and then distortions.
But let's talk
about what happened
to the group that
became us more or less.
>>WYLLIE: It's rather
kind of difficult to know
who us is at this point.
>>REGINIA: Well, yeah, exactly.
Well, I don't-- yeah.
>>WYLLIE: Well,
these two groups--
so basically, we get Caligastia
in the Middle East and North
Africa.
He basically kind of
takes over that area.
Vanu-- or Van
actually is his name.
I changed it.
>>REGINIA: OK.
>>WYLLIE: I don't want
to get slapped around
by him when I die.
>>REGINIA: Right,
OK, Van, all right.
>>WYLLIE: He basically
takes the few loyalists,
and they-- human
loyalists-- from the city,
basically, that they had
developed on the peninsula
down there.
It's under water now.
>>REGINIA: We'll talk about
Dalamatia in a moment.
>>WYLLIE: Yeah, Dalamatia.
And he then sets out across--
he goes east and then sort of
across the desert and down
the Black Sea and then
through North India, and then
right away across to China.
>>REGINIA: Yes.
So he's headed east.
>>WYLLIE: So he's here.
And they lay, sort
of, all these areas
different little
collectives along they way,
basically seeding, if you
like, the culture with the what
you call the prime direction,
with the thought of the way
things are.
>>REGINIA: Yes.
>>WYLLIE: And that's the group
that basically moved down
through-- through the East.
And then they take off for
the islands of Lemuria.
So that's the group that
basically starts the Lemurian
society.
>>REGINIA: OK, so we
have seeded Lemuria,
which was a very high
and more advanced
civilization in its
understanding spiritually.
Now, let's go back to what was
happening in the Middle East
and what was happening
under Caligastia.
>>WYLLIE: Yeah.
Well, Caligastia basically--
it's awfully hard
to sort of exactly
try to understand
what his motives really were.
I mean, it looked
to me, you know,
somebody who sort of completely
dominates a society--
>>REGINIA: Oh, yes.
I see what you're saying.
Oh, yes, of course, he
appeared to go out of balance
very quickly with
that amount of power.
And since he rebelled,
it's like, hey, we've
already done it,
so what the heck?
Let's see what we can do here.
>>WYLLIE: Exactly, yeah.
>>REGINIA: Yeah.
And it was-- I found
it very interesting,
because that
culture-- let's talk
about what Dalamatia was like.
Because though there was
very advanced culture
in certain ways--
>>WYLLIE: Oh, it was.
>>REGINIA: --very
advanced cultures.
Under their tutelage
and understanding,
they were able to
imbue the human species
with these much
higher understandings.
And we've read about the
enlightened civilizations
of the past.
But Dalamatia is not one
we normally hear about.
Can you tell us about
the characteristics
of that culture?
>>WYLLIE: Yes.
When we say it was very
advanced, of course,
we think advanced, we think of
machines and things like that.
>>REGINIA: Yes.
>>WYLLIE: But this is
advance of a different kind.
>>REGINIA: Yes.
>>WYLLIE: You know,
they were happy people.
>>REGINIA: Happy, and
also, they understood
the more technologies of the
spirited mind much better.
>>WYLLIE: Yeah, they were
well adjusted in a sense.
>>REGINIA: Yes.
>>WYLLIE: Simple buildings--
The staff would telepathically
draw in members of the tribes
around who could listen.
In fact, I can't remember.
I think it's in the
first volume there's
quite an elaborate story of--
>>REGINIA: There's
an elaborate story
in this one also
of one of the women
that they drew in
from the local people.
>>WYLLIE: Exactly.
Because the local
people, of course,
would be afraid of
somebody who had qualities
that they didn't
possess, somebody
who, for instance
is a dreamer, whom--
>>REGINIA: A dreamer, yes.
>>WYLLIE: --they
would be terrified of.
>>REGINIA: Well, and there were
also ships coming and going
still, as I understand,
in the book at this time.
There were physical
manifestations
of higher, more advanced
extraterrestrial cultures.
These beings were tall--
taller and more perfected
and considered almost
godlike in their own way.
And it sounds as though that
frightened the native people
that were living in that region.
So there were bridges
made between the people
of that region who came in
with them, telepathically
were drawn there through
the dream time and so forth
to work with.
>>WYLLIE: Yes, yes,
yes yes, well put.
>>REGINIA: Yes.
>>WYLLIE: Yeah,
there was much more
extraterrestrial involvement
before the revolution.
Because after the
revolution, of course,
we were basically isolated.
They were told, keep away.
And there was a
whole group of angels
whose job it is basically
to tell extraterrestrials,
leave this planet alone.
>>REGINIA: Well, they haven't.
But go ahead, yeah.
>>WYLLIE: Well, compared to most
planets, they have, actually.
>>REGINIA: OK, OK.
>>WYLLIE: We've been
pretty isolated.
>>REGINIA: I'm not
saying-- I mean,
I think these
visitations have been
both for the
benefit of humankind
and sometimes not
for the benefit.
There's all kinds of activity.
This is an interesting planet.
>>WYLLIE: Well, it is, and yes,
of course, the most interesting
planet, for some very
interesting and significant
reasons, yes.
>>REGINIA: So when Dalamatia
was essentially-- well,
it went under, right,
through cataclysm.
It experienced a cataclysm.
>>WYLLIE: Yeah.
>>REGINIA: And at this time,
had they already started--
was it after that time
where the whole notion
of weaponry and
advanced technologies
was seeded into the
human population?
>>WYLLIE: Yes.
>>REGINIA: And this
is really where
the story starts going south.
>>WYLLIE: Well, yeah, with a,
you know, really going south.
>>REGINIA: And so that's where
Caligastia's ego started--
it sounds like some
sort of egoic structure.
Although, you say,
and Georgia says
something very interesting in
your book about that later.
But let's say the egoic
structure's at work.
And they're going to
create a species that
knows how to compete
with each other.
That seemed to be
the big thing was
to create the notion
of competition.
>>WYLLIE: Oh, how
interesting, yes.
>>REGINIA: And then
start building, yes,
and using the technology to
sort of one up each other
to create a more advanced
species within the human
through competition.
>>WYLLIE: Yes.
I mean, Caligastia's
principle was
divide and conquer,
which is basically
a way of accelerating
evolution, in an odd sense.
Because when you
divide people, you
set people against each other.
>>REGINIA: Creativity kicks
into motion out of competition.
>>WYLLIE: Absolutely.
And a lot of creativity
emerges out of war, as we know.
>>REGINIA: Yes,
that is very true.
And so what was happening
with Vanu's people
on the other side,
and then into Lemuria?
>>WYLLIE: Well, they were
basically out of the loop.
I mean, Caligastia really
got quite worked up.
He really wanted to eliminate
Vanu completely, you know?
But they could not get
across the desert, you know?
If you know the
geography there, you
know that it's just
desert for miles.
>>REGINIA: Yeah, it's rough.
>>WYLLIE: And they
couldn't make it across.
>>REGINIA: Right.
So Vanu's people,
that sect of humanity,
kept developing more slowly.
>>WYLLIE: More slowly,
but more principally--
>>REGINIA: More principally.
>>WYLLIE: -- in a
sense, you know?
They held to the--
the monotheistic.
>>REGINIA: Yes.
That was more oriented toward
the sun and natural principles.
>>WYLLIE: Well,
that's actually--
it's quite an
interesting process.
Vanu himself was very
faithful to the invisible--
what we call the invisible
father god, all right?
And the concept
of the god living
in our heart, that was a very,
very deep and basic principle.
>>REGINIA: With each with
their own connection to it.
>>WYLLIE: Oh, yes,
absolutely, yes, yes.
>>REGINIA: Which Caligastia was
trying to more or less stamp
out and putting
himself between, as
has been a tradition here since.
>>WYLLIE: Absolutely,
exactly, yes.
>>REGINIA: So Vanu's
people are still
having the light of that divine
connection for themselves.
But somewhere inserted
in there was the notion
that if you need something
physical as a manifestation
to relate to, something
visible, then he instigated--
>>WYLLIE: Well, this
came from his assistant--
>>REGINIA: Yeah, OK.
>>WYLLIE: --who
basically said, listen,
this invisible god
business is all very well,
but we need something we can
get our fingers on, we can see,
you know?
So that then went through
father sun, mother earth,
or whichever way around it was.
And that perpetuated
for quite a long time.
That went into quite a
long period of the the Mu
period, which was between
about 70,000 and 35,000 years.
>>REGINIA: So
that's-- OK, go ahead.
Yes?
>>WYLLIE: That had to actually
move, get back to the original.
We had to get rid of that thing.
>>REGINIA: Yes.
>>WYLLIE: That was
considerably later.
I mean, this is
very long time span
that we're talking about now.
>>REGINIA: Yes, yes,
a very long time span.
Meanwhile, we have the
development of the Atlantean
continent that happens
after Dalamatia goes down,
which was seeded by the more
competitive Caligastian forces,
right?
>>WYLLIE: Yes, yes, yes.
To begin with-- it's an
interesting situation there,
because, you know,
it flourished--
it started flourishing
about 16,000,
17,000 years--
BC, that's called,
BC-- with some of the
tail enders of the--
because the islands,
the Mu islands,
had started sinking
at that point, right?
>>REGINIA: Right.
And so a lot of the Lemurians
were able to make it.
>>WYLLIE: Well,
firstly, because they
knew this was going to happen.
>>REGINIA: Yes.
A long period of time, too.
>>WYLLIE: Yeah.
And because-- they
call it the continent,
but it wasn't a continent.
It was a whole series of
islands all the way up,
if you like the Pacific
rim, that rim of fire there.
That's where it all was, right?
So-- remember where we are?
>>REGINIA: So then over
that long period of time,
some of those
beings from Lemuria
did make it into
the Atlantean area?
>>WYLLIE: Yes, yes.
>>REGINIA: Yes.
>>WYLLIE: But you
see, the problem was
that the one-- when the
Lemurians knew the disaster
was imminent, they sent out all
over the world, South America,
obviously.
Not India much.
Not southern India,
northern India, Tibet,
all these various
places around the world.
They seeded it.
>>REGINIA: Yes.
And those were still those
sweeter, higher principals.
>>WYLLIE: Yes, that was
the higher principle, OK?
But when the islands
went down, there
was a tremendous anger directed
towards father sun and mother
earth for letting them down.
So these were the ones
that arrived in Atlantis.
>>REGINIA: Because we had higher
culture beginning to develop.
>>WYLLIE: Resentful, yeah.
>>REGINIA: And we had
a lot of weaponry.
And many books write
about, even in the Vedas,
about the war between the gods
and these other individuals
with machinery, nuclear
weaponry, and so forth.
>>WYLLIE: Well, yes, yeah.
When they arrived, you
see-- 500,000 years ago,
when they arrived, they had
pretty sophisticated materials.
Firstly, they had to
look at the planet.
So they had their ships,
their little silver ships.
And that's how,
for instance, Vanu
knew about the islands of
Mu, because they'd seen them
in their original geological.
But then, of course,
the more they
got into being with
people, living with people,
you don't want to flash
little ships around.
You don't want to
spook people out.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>WYLLIE: You want to be as
normal as possible, you know?
But yeah, when the
fan got hit, then
you got the-- they dug out the
old machinery again, you know?
>>REGINA: And the technology
started surfacing again.
So let's talk a little--
>>WYLLIE: Quite recently.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>WYLLIE: I mean, 5,000,
6,000 years before Christ.
>>REGINA: Yes, yes.
So after-- I know
that in Atlantis,
it went down in stages as
well, or so I understand.
It went down in
stages, three stages,
over a long period of time.
So we'll just wrap this
historical part up.
Because we know through
lots of different lore
the people from
Atlantis went off.
They went up into Britain.
They ended up in Spain,
Portugal, Yucatan, all over,
you know?
So a lot of the
technological information
was still encoded that we're
coming back with today.
But now let's go back to
one of the primitive things
happening that I
loved when I read it
because of a
personal experience.
It was the Fandors.
Tell us what the Fandors were.
And then I'm going to
tell a little story.
>>WYLLIE: Well, the Fandors
were a passenger bird.
They were very large, a wingspan
about between 30 and 40 feet.
It gives you an idea of--
>>REGINA: In primitive
and very ancient times,
these massive birds.
>>WYLLIE: Massive
birds, absolutely.
Basically, South America-- you
know the South American birds.
But they were like dolphins.
They were what they would
call semi telepathic, whatever
that means.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>WYLLIE: But they were fun.
They were wonderful creatures.
>>REGINA: What I
found interesting
about them is they would not
allow the hybrid beings that
were here, the
engineered beings,
part of Caligastia's
people, they
wouldn't allow
them to ride them.
They would only allow
contact with humans,
and this one in particular,
this one woman in the beginning,
and others later.
And OK, so this
is a little story.
So many, many years
ago, when I was
going through a series of--
for fun-- past life regressions
with someone highly
skilled in that area,
they would just--
they were basically
looking to find out about
themselves, honestly,
and just used me as
a vehicle to do that.
So I would go into-- they'd
take me back in time.
I went back to a very,
very, very ancient period
of human history,
toward the beginning.
And I was a young
male at the time.
And these birds-- it
was like the Fandor,
except what we
used to do then was
we didn't ride it physically.
We would telepathically project
ourselves into the bird.
And so I remember we did
it for fun now and then
with permission of the bird,
who was very telepathic.
And you could tell other
birds-- I called them--
that were occupied, where
you would be flying--
and I can still feel
everything inside
the bird and every little ruffle
of every feather and the loft
and so forth-- and every now
and then when you were flying
in them, you would see someone
else, another bird that
was occupied, because they flew
in a different pattern that
was more leisurely than just
to go for prey or whatnot.
And so when I came back
from that regression,
I thought, like you did, oh,
I'm making this stuff up.
You know, I always thought
I was making everything up.
I said this can't be real.
That was too weird.
And the man said, let
me play tape for you.
And it was another woman
who had been there doing
exactly the same thing.
So I got a little validation.
Then when I read
this in your book,
I thought, yes, these
beautiful creatures did exist.
And we use to interface
with them, probably all
over the world.
Because I experienced that
as a Lemurian existence.
>>WYLLIE: Ah, right, yes.
There weren't that
many of them, you know?
They weren't in a big crowd,
unlike humans or anything
like that.
Fairly selective, but
very, very, honorable.
>>REGINA: Very honorable, yes.
>>WYLLIE: And shy, you know,
in the way that they would be,
very cautious about
living, having anything
to do with people.
>>REGINA: Yeah, there
had to be agreement.
>>WYLLIE: Yeah, that first one.
Because they were big.
And they weren't
attractive looking birds.
>>REGINA: No.
>>WYLLIE: They weren't the
most beautiful of birds.
>>REGINA: Well, the
interesting thing
is when I was looking at
them in the experience I had,
it was before-- either I
was colorblind personally
or it was before the development
of color in human eyesight.
Because the whole environment
was shades of sepia.
The water was kind
of a deeper brown.
The sky was beige.
The grasses and everything
was kind of brown.
And it had a little
tinge of purple.
So that would mean to me it was
the very beginning of eyesight,
at least for me, in
that the infusion of red
was coming into the
sepia to create a purple.
>>WYLLIE: Right.
>>REGINA: So they weren't
really purple, probably.
But that's all I could see.
>>WYLLIE: Yeah.
>>REGINA: But it was
an amazing experience
to have gone through.
And it was more real
than this reality now.
>>WYLLIE: Well, exactly.
>>REGINA: Which is what
you're talking about.
>>WYLLIE: Exactly, what I had
in the near death experience.
I mean, that's what's
so astonishing about it.
We think this is real, but
this is really just a shadow.
>>REGINA: It's a shadow.
This is forgettable oftentimes,
where those experiences are not
forgettable.
And they're more
visceral, obviously.
>>WYLLIE: Oh, yes, yes, yes.
>>REGINA: OK, so now--
>>WYLLIE: And also, they
communicate on many levels
simultaneously.
So one is not just
getting an idea.
One's getting the
whole, as you said,
the whole visceral
feeling of the idea.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>WYLLIE: It's much more total.
One brings much more of
oneself to the party.
>>REGINA: Yes.
OK, now I want to talk
about another realm that
permeates this story
all the way through.
Because I found that the way
that you and Georgia delineated
the angelic realm
was fascinating.
And that's the
subject of midwayers.
>>WYLLIE: Right, yes.
>>REGINA: Now, how did midwayers
play into this whole thing?
Because they have a
distinctly different job.
And we're going to get into
a really personal experience
with you and a midwayer
in a little bit.
But tell us what midwayers are.
>>WYLLIE: Yeah.
Well, midwayers were
created at the time
of the arrival of the prince's
staff 500,000 years ago.
They were actually-- they
weren't the physical creations
of the prince's
staff, but they were
the emotional, spiritual
creations, if you like.
>>REGINA: Kind of
closest in vibration
into-- to be able to reach
into the human realm?
>>WYLLIE: Yeah.
You see, the problems
the angels have
is that they don't
really sink low enough
to understand the human
issues and human problems.
This is both a problem,
you know, if you like,
but also they have to train
angels pretty carefully
to able to handle people.
Midwayers, as the
title suggests,
they draw their
existence midway--
>>REGINA: Between
the two realms, yes.
>>WYLLIE: Yes, between the
level of the angels and humans.
Actually, they're closer to
humans than the angels, right?
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>WYLLIE: Well, one
has to understand
the stacked nature of
the universe, right?
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>WYLLIE: It isn't
just that way.
It's this way as well.
>>REGINA: Yes, yes.
And vibrationally,
stepping down.
>>WYLLIE: Yes, exactly.
>>REGINA: And so
the midwayer would
be just slightly off phase.
But also those are
the ones we can often
see when you're doing
something and you
see someone kind of walk through
out of the corner of the eye.
>>WYLLIE: They can make
themselves visible.
They can also interact with this
really, which angels can't, you
see.
Most people say,
oh, the Anunnaki
were saying we're the result of
angels and humans, you know--
>>REGINA: Mating.
>>WYLLIE: Mating.
>>REGINA: No.
>>WYLLIE: Angels can't do that.
>>REGINA: They can't do that.
>>WYLLIE: No they can't do that.
>>REGINA: No..
>>WYLLIE: They're completely
different vibrationally.
>>REGINA: Right.
And that would be
more-- just staying
on that topic for one moment--
more a matter of the beings
that had been
perfected or developed
to come in to do whatever
they were doing at that time,
those humans, that
perfected human form,
mating with the indigenous
human at that time.
And that's more of what--
that's kind of where we are.
>>WYLLIE: Exactly.
That whole Anunnaki and
everything came from there.
>>REGINA: Exactly.
>>WYLLIE: Yeah.
>>REGINA: So now
the-- so the midwayers
can intervene in extreme
circumstances, where
someone like Georgia
may not intervene.
In fact, Georgia can't even
impose on your thoughts
without an invitation.
So that's a much--
>>WYLLIE: She couldn't
read my thoughts--
>>REGINA: She couldn't read
your thoughts without your--
>>WYLLIE: --until I allowed her
to kind of normally do that,
yeah.
>>REGINA: So her--
it's interesting
because as she's writing,
she's writing her observations
as your companion
here that guides you
throughout your life.
But she can't intervene.
>>WYLLIE: Right.
>>REGINA: But now
let's talk about where
your midwayers-- some midwayers
intervened on your behalf.
It's so lovely.
I mean it's an interesting
story during that car accident.
Tell us what happened,
because that was weird.
>>WYLLIE: Yeah, it was.
I was living with a
girlfriend, right?
But I was out with another girl.
>>REGINA: Yeah, you did a
little bit of that in your life
when you were young.
Out and about.
>>WYLLIE: I was
a little naughty.
I was 18, 17 and a 1/2
or something like that.
And I had my car, my new
little car, a Deux Chevaux.
>>REGINA: The Deux Chevaux,
a tiny little thing.
>>WYLLIE: Tiny little thing.
And if anyone knows
a Deux Chevaux,
it's basically made of crap.
>>REGINA: They're
totally horrible.
It's like rolling.
>>WYLLIE: The interesting
thing is their windows,
right, are half.
And the bottom half
swings like that.
>>REGINA: And they're tiny.
>>WYLLIE: They're tiny,
yes, about that high.
>>REGINA: That's right, yeah.
>>WYLLIE: So here we are.
We're going along.
My girlfriend's-- like that--
We're go over around the hill.
And I'm going down
the hill, and there's
a woman in a station wagon.
And she's trying to
decide whether she should
try and cross in
front of me or not.
And I'm about halfway
down the hill,
and the damn women
starts moving, all right?
I can't believe it.
And what the hell
am I going to do?
You know, I'm 17.
I don't know driving.
You know, Deux Chevaux--
>>REGINA: Right.
You don't have a
lot of protection
in that little beast.
>>WYLLIE: No, not a
lot of protection.
You're right.
So I decide to accelerate,
see if I get in front of her,
as opposed to hitting her.
But as we're
passing, she tips me.
And over we go.
>>REGINA: And you were going
still at a decent speed.
>>WYLLIE: Yeah, 60, maybe 65.
I'm trying to get ahead of her.
>>REGINA: Right, right.
>>WYLLIE: And we're going
down a hill as well.
>>REGINA: So now talk
about what happens.
>>WYLLIE: So next thing
I knew was I wake up.
I'm in the grass.
My girlfriend is on the other
side of the car in the grass.
The thing is upside down, flat,
and the wheels are going round,
right?
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>WYLLIE: You know,
I can't believe it.
>>REGINA: How could that happen?
>>WYLLIE: How?
>>REGINA: Those windows-- see,
that's what's so interesting.
>>WYLLIE: Yeah.
>>REGINA: Those are tiny--
>>WYLLIE: Tiny little windows.
>>REGINA: --little windows.
>>WYLLIE: I know.
>>REGINA: So you came
to understand later
that's where the genius
of the midwayers come in.
Somehow-- I don't know
how it works either--
you had been extracted
out of those little slits,
each of you taken out,
put into the grass--
>>WYLLIE: Laid down.
>>REGINA: --laid down safely
where your car is trashed.
>>WYLLIE: Absolutely nothing.
The car is flattened.
Incredible.
>>REGINA: So that-- when we hear
about these kinds of miracles
in life-- and we
do hear about them.
You can go online and probably
pull up 1,000 this afternoon
if we were choosing to
research-- this is often
the work of that realm of angels
who can come into our density
and do what we would
consider miracles, right?
>>WYLLIE: Yes.
And I think the question
I've asked myself, of course,
is, why me, you know?
Why did we get pulled
out, whereas other people
have crashed and
didn't get pulled out.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>WYLLIE: And the
answer was, of course,
that it wasn't your time yet.
>>REGINA: It wasn't
your time, yeah.
>>WYLLIE: And there's something
very profound in that,
isn't there?
The idea that we
don't die until we've
done what we're meant to do.
And if we do die
prematurely, then we're
going to have to do
it next time around.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
No, I find that
quite interesting,
because we all have such
a great fear of death.
I mean, the species does
everything to avoid death.
And I mean, I've come to look
at it that we have an expiration
date from the moment we're born.
And we're not going to go, no
matter how crazy things look,
until that time comes.
And when that time comes, we're
going to go, no matter what.
In fact, I have another
little story for you
on the midwayer front.
So my husband, Scott,
was with his friend,
the same age you
were, 18 years old.
He was on the back of his best
friend's motorcycle in England.
And they were on a dual
carriage way, on the motorway.
And before they took off on
that trip, for some reason,
Scott said, you know, James,
I think we need to have a map.
He went back into the house.
And there wasn't a map.
He found this big book.
This is totally out
of character for him.
He knows his way around.
He took out this atlas,
stuffed the atlas
down the front of his leather
jacket into his pants.
So when the accident happened,
his friend was essentially
cut in half and died
of a driver, you know?
>>WYLLIE: It's hard not to
die when you're cut in half.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
And Scott was thrown
off gently to the side,
had a little fracture in
the wrist, unconscious.
Hit-- the book had been hit.
The book saved his life.
He was basically unconscious,
woke up in the hospital
and said, what room is James in?
God, that was weird.
And had no idea, of
course, what had happened,
but that-- and then later
had a very beautiful
intuitive reading
in which they said,
it was your friend's
time and not yours
and he wanted you, his
best friend, with him
during this experience.
And it released
him of that guilt.
Like, why did he--
why did this happen?
You could look at it logically.
The guy in the front usually
goes down with the bike.
But nonetheless, that was a
very extraordinary version also,
I think, of midwayers
coming in to help out.
>>WYLLIE: Yes, that's
a wonderful story,
yes, absolutely.
>>REGINA: OK, so now,
I wanted to ask you
about dolphins and
whales on this planet.
Because throughout the
history of Atlantis,
the history of Lemuria, and to
this day, dolphins and whales
and their connection play in.
They play a very important
part on this planet.
And I love that
part of the book.
>>WYLLIE: Yes.
Georgia tells a story of how,
at one point in the Atlantean
disaster, the dolphins
took Atlanteans,
selected Atlanteans,
down to the South Pole,
where they were building
another alternative to the--
>>REGINA: Culture.
>>WYLLIE: Yeah, which
fell apart later on.
But the dolphins were very
much involved with that.
They carried the
people on their backs.
>>REGINA: And they
have the connection
with Sirius, as I recall, right?
>>WYLLIE: Yes, yes, yes.
Whether all dolphins do or
whether selected dolphins--
I suspect it's
selected dolphins--
a very complex relationship with
Sirius in which they believe
that they are the third of the
four delineations of culture--
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>WYLLIE: --they're
the third, Nommo.
>>REGINA: And isn't
it interesting
that humans have almost
a universal love--
except for some people that
make their money in the fishing
industry-- have a universal
love of these grand creatures
of the ocean?
>>WYLLIE: Oh, it's
impossible not to.
I mean, one would have to
be really blinded not to.
They're adorable.
They're wondeful.
>>REGINA: Right.
And that kind of
compassion and heart
and how they even work
with healing people.
OK, so now we're coming to
the end of this conversation.
And I want to bring up the
point that Georgia brought in,
which is that there came--
Georgia's observation, who
followed in the rebellion--
that being was part of that
and had regrets later-- that
maybe there was a plan that
essentially was put into
motion before Lucifer
and Caligastia even made
their appearance into this,
that maybe it was even
part of a more divine plan,
that this breakaway
civilization, so to speak,
occurred.
But I don't know
for what reason.
And just tell me your
thoughts on that.
What you gathered from that.
>>WYLLIE: Well, this
is very, very arcane.
And I almost don't want to
say it, it's so delicate.
But the idea that
a new mutation,
a mutation of angel
and human was basically
planned from the beginning.
And the Lucifer,
that whole stage,
was in a sense, part of that--
>>REGINA: They were manipulated.
>>WYLLIE: --was acted out, yes.
Because you know the
whole world is a stage.
The whole universe is a stage.
>>REGINA: Absolutely.
>>WYLLIE: You know?
We're all working this out.
We're all playing parts.
>>REGINA: So they
may have just been
pawns to a larger
directive themselves.
>>WYLLIE: Yeah, pawns
of pawns of pawns.
>>REGINA: So meanwhile, I have
to say, now, you in this story,
meanwhile, as this is
going on and these stories
are paralleling,
we kind of skewed
toward the side of
Georgia's information.
But you were with this
group called The Process.
And you continued on for
a long period of time.
And this book leaves
off where you guys
went on all these
wild adventures.
It's like, we're
quitting civilization.
We're quitting society.
We're going to live the truth.
And the rest of you
are all sell-outs.
We're moving to the
Bahamas together.
That worked for a little while.
>>WYLLIE: Only to
find somewhere,
an island where we
could be on our own.
>>REGINA: Right, away
from civilization.
>>WYLLIE: Totally away, yeah.
>>REGINA: OK, so you did
it for a little bit there
and then said, no, no,
we're getting the call.
Now we're going to Mexico.
So you end up in
Mexico in this old,
dilapidated out of nowhere,
eating, as I recall--
what was it?-- prickly pears
and one other fruit, coconuts.
>>WYLLIE: Coconuts and prickly
pears were pretty much it.
>>REGINA: You had a diet of
that because you had no money.
By this time, you
guys had no money,
no connection with culture.
You had the clothes
on your back.
And you end up in this
dilapidated salt factory
somewhere in Mexico, right?
>>WYLLIE: Yucatan.
>>REGINA: In the Yucatan,
yes, in the Yucatan.
And you kind of just
left me hanging there,
because I haven't read
the follow up book to it.
But as I understand, that
didn't last too long.
You had some intervention.
>>WYLLIE: Well, you
see, it's like you
have to come down off the
mountain at some point.
Yeah, we had an intervention.
We were, I think,
probably nine months
to a year before the storm hit.
>>REGINA: Hurricane.
>>WYLLIE: Hurricane, yes.
>>REGINA: You didn't have a lot
of shelter there to begin with.
So what I'd like
to do is pick up
the conversation, because
we haven't really now gotten
into the development
of the modern world,
the post Atlantean world at all.
And you guys are
stuck out there.
A hurricane's on its way.
And life continues from there.
So we'll pick that up
in another conversation.
How's that?
>>WYLLIE: OK.
>>REGINA: It's absolutely
delightful to have you here,
Timothy.
>>WYLLIE: It's just such a long
and immense story, you know?
It seems fairly hard to
sort of encapsulate it.
>>REGINA: We're just trying
to take a tiny little slice.
And it's almost a
burden for me to ask
you to remember
what Georgia said
over the course of nine volumes.
We're just taking
a little sliver
to give people an idea
of where all of this work
is coming from.
And so I want to thank you
for your time and your travels
here.
>>WYLLIE: Wonderful, of
course, and thank you.
>>REGINA: "Confessions
of a Rebel Angel"
is both entertaining
and thought provoking.
It also has a clarity
of thought that
is uncanny when
Georgia is speaking.
You can find it through
any major bookseller.
Until next time, thank you for
joining us here on Gaiam TV.
[THEME MUSIC]